Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
-(VEHICLE APPROACHES)
-(BRAKES CRANK)
-(CELL PHONE DIAL BEEPING)
-(KEYBOARD CLACKING)
(LINE RINGING)
NAVIN: (ON PHONE) Hey.
I fell asleep in front of
the TV waiting for you.
(CHILD SHRIEKS ON VIDEO)
NAVIN: Are you
coming home tonight?
Or should I
just go to bed alone?
MATIA: Do you remember
the noodle stand downtown?
That little street kid
heard us arguing
and he kept trying to sell you
flowers to make up with me?
NAVIN: Yeah.
MATIA: That boy went missing
a week ago.
(NAVIN SIGHS)
MATIA: I'm leaving the van
near there.
NAVIN: Why?
MATIA: I love you. Navin.
but I have to go.
NAVIN: I haven't seen you
in days. Matia.
-Just come home--
- (LINE DISCONNECTS)
(DOOR OPENS)
-(DOOR SLAMS)
-(FOOTSTEPS)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(CHILD CRYING IN DISTANCE)
(CRYING CONTINUES)
-(MATIA PANTING)
-(CRYING GROWS LOUDER)
(MATIA GASPS)
(CHILD CONTINUES CRYING)
(MATIA GRUNTS)
(SPEAKS FILIPINO)
MAN: (IN ENGLISH)
Hey! She's there!
Run!
(ALL GRUNTING)
Run! Go! Go! Go!
(FLESH SQUELCHES)
-(ARROW WHISTLING)
-(SQUELCHES)
(THUDS)
(PANTING)
PAKLUNG: (SIGHS) What a waste.
That boy is dead because of you.
Doesn't matter. I'll just pick
up another one. you know?
Fuck. It's late.
I got to get home to my wife.
Hey. take her downstairs.
I want to know
how she got in here.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(ARROW WHOOSHES)
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
(GENTLE MUSIC PLAYING)
(HAMMERING)
(SPEAKING MANDARIN)
(SNAPS FINGERS THRICE)
(GASPS)
-(IN ENGLISH) Thank you.
-Thank you.
-Bye-bye.
(MAN SPEAKING FILIPINO)
(BANGS ON TABLE)
(LAUGHS)
(IN MANDARIN)
(SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING)
(FOOTSTEPS RECEDING)
(SIGHS)
(PEOPLE CHATTERING)
(SIZZLING)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(FIRE WHOOSHES)
(CHUCKLES)
(IN ENGLISH) I have good news.
Found you a buyer
out of Eastport.
(SLURPS) A rich one.
How many?
Thank you.
Three's a piece of cake.
Thirty.
-(SPUTTERS)
-(FIRE WHOOSHES)
I need a favor.
Get me a meeting with your boss.
Can you do that?
(CHUCKLES. SPEAKS FILIPINO)
NAVIN: (IN ENGLISH) See you.
MAN: (ON TV) Matia Pham
alleged a connection
between numerous
kidnapping cases
in a livestream
to her followers
shortly before
her disappearance
earlier this year.
MATIA: (ON TV) The police
want to treat these cases
like isolated incidents.
but if you take a step back
to look at these families'
social and economic status.
and the neighborhoods
where these kids go missing.
there is an obvious pattern.
I'm talking about a
coordinated effort
to target kids
from some of the city's
poorest communities.
MAN: (ON TV) Asked about
Pham's allegations.
-a law enforcement...
-(GROANS)
...spokesperson told
our reporter that.
as a matter of policy.
the agency will not comment
on ongoing investigations.
Coming up: A breakthrough
in renewable energy
that will power your home
at half the cost.
(CLAPS)
(DOOR OPENS. SLAMS)
(LOW SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
NAVIN: I have good news.
Found you a buyer
out of Eastport.
A rich one.
(SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING)
(BOTTLE SPRAYING)
(CLAPS)
(WOMAN SIGHS)
(IN MANDARIN)
(RAINY SIGHS)
(WOMAN SPEAKS)
(SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING)
-(DOOR OPENS)
-(BELL JINGLES)
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
(PANTING)
(BOY SPEAKS)
-(GRUNTS)
-(RAINY SCREAMS)
(SCREAMING CONTINUES
IN DISTANCE)
-(HO GRUNTS)
-(RAINY SCREAMS)
(IN FILIPINO)
(TRUCK ENGINE STARTS)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(GRUNTING)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(HORN BLARES)
(YELLING)
(GRUNTING)
(IN ENGLISH) Get him inside!
(STRAINING)
(GRUNTING)
(YELPS)
(GROANS)
(GROANING)
(ENGINE SPUTTERS)
(GRUNTING)
(YELPS)
(YELLING)
(ENGINE SPUTTERING)
(ENGINE STARTS)
Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey!
Hey!
(DRAMATIC MUSIC CONTINUES)
(RAINY IN MANDARIN)
(IN ENGLISH) Hey!
Grab her. idiot!
(RAINY SCREAMING AND SHOUTING)
-(SCREAMING)
-(CHUCKLES)
(WHEELS SCREECH)
(IN FILIPINO) Faster. faster!
(ENGINE REVS)
(HORN BLARES)
(PANTING)
(HORNS HONKING)
(SIRENS WAILING)
-(PEOPLE CHATTERING)
-(PANTING)
(MAN IN FILIPINO)
(IN ENGLISH) Sir?
You're bleeding on my counter.
If you've had an accident.
there's a hospital
down the street.
"Big bald guy..."
If you need to report a crime.
take a seat over there.
Okay?
(SIGHS) There's always time.
sir.
Just slow down--
Hey! Don't do that again! Okay?
-What's going on here?
-I don't know.
Something about a kidnapping.
But I told him to wait.
Come with me.
CAPTAIN: What the hell is
going on around here?
Captain. this man's daughter's
been kidnapped.
He's got a license plate
and a perp description.
It doesn't look like
a report to me.
-(EXHALES)
-Look.
we have procedures here.
I'll hang on to this.
If we come over something.
my guys will get a hold of you.
(SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING)
(PANTING)
(WATER DRIPPING)
(LOW FOREBODING MUSIC PLAYING)
(DOOR OPENS)
-(GASPS)
-(CLANGS)
(PANTING)
POLICEWOMAN:
No driver's license.
No employment history.
No criminal record.
Like he appeared
out of thin air.
(EXHALES)
Probably a fugitive.
(IN MANDARIN)
(IN ENGLISH) Who are you?
(EXHALES)
(LOW TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
-(CROWD CHEERING)
-(FIGHTERS GRUNTING)
-(BELL DINGING)
-REFEREE: Stop. Stop.
(CROWD CHEERING)
(WOMEN LAUGHING)
(PEOPLE CHATTERING)
(MUFFLED CLUB MUSIC PLAYING)
(IN FILIPINO)
-(IN ENGLISH) Go!
-(BELL DINGS)
(MAN SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY
OVER SPEAKERS)
-(CLUB MUSIC PLAYING)
-(CROWD CHEERING)
-(BELL DINGING)
(IN ENGLISH) Keep the boss
in a good mood.
he'll agree to anything.
Just be cool.
Have a drink. enjoy the girls.
(MAN CONTINUES SPEAKING
INDISTINCTLY OVER SPEAKERS)
(CHUCKLES)
(LAUGHS) Hey!
Get up. big boy!
I brought a guest.
-NAVIN: Hi.
-(HO CHUCKLES)
Mm-hmm.
Uh-oh.
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
(LAUGHING)
Hold on a minute.
You stay.
(DOOR OPENS)
-(CLUB MUSIC CONTINUES)
-(FIGHTERS GRUNTING)
-Stop!
-(BELL DINGING)
(MAN SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY
OVER SPEAKERS)
Mr. Song.
Finally. a man that might know
how to get me what I want.
-Sit.
-Thank you.
SONG: Ah... So...
You want...
(EXHALES)
-Thirty for the weekend?
-NAVIN: Longer.
That's some kind of
big party. huh?
NAVIN: It's not a party.
Shrimp boats.
My partner does business
in Eastport.
Thirty kids. That's. uh...
Shit. that's like shipping
a fucking school bus. man.
(LAUGHS)
We understand.
That's why we're offering you
a very good deal.
Three times the market price.
All in cash. USD?
All cash. USD.
(CHUCKLING)
With one small requirement.
Mr. Song.
I have to hand-pick them myself.
Ah. that's not
gonna work. cowboy. (LAUGHS)
Well... commercial fishing is
a competitive industry.
I need your best.
and I just have to make sure.
So. let me get this straight.
You want to come...
to my spot. right?
Shop around like it's.
uh. some fruit stand...
and then pay me later?
(LAUGHING)
(GLASSES CLATTERING)
Who the fuck are you?
What do you want?
-(CLUB MUSIC CONTINUES)
-(CROWD CHEERING)
If you're a cop.
you're either new
or too stupid
to be on my payroll.
(CHUCKLES) Mr. Song...
Let me put it this way.
I'm just a messenger here.
My partner's waiting for me.
and you're wasting
my fucking time...
Boss.
His fucking time.
Your fucking time.
(SCOFFS)
-Your fucking time?
-(BOTH LAUGHING)
SONG: I like you!
If you want to pick 'em.
cowboy...
I'll take you there myself.
-Let's go!
-All right. Sit down! Party!
Hey. slow down there. man.
Hey. this is a private party.
Hey!
Listen. buddy.
it's invitation-only up here.
-Turn around.
-Fuck off!
(CLUB MUSIC CONTINUES)
(CHUCKLES. SCOFFS) Okay...
(GRUNTING)
(GROANING)
-(GLASS SHATTERS)
-(BELL DINGS)
(IN FILIPINO)
(IN ENGLISH) Hey! Hey! Hey!
He's got a gun!
(CROWD SCREAMING)
Come on! You want money?
Kill him! Go fucking kill him!
(IN FILIPINO)
(IN ENGLISH) Mr. Song. that's
got nothing to do with me. I--
Kill this fucker! Now!
Mr. Song! Mr. Song!
-(DOOR CLOSES)
-(SIGHS)
(ALL GRUNTING)
(GLASSES SHATTERING)
(THUGS GROANING)
(PANTING)
(WHIMPERS)
(GRUNTING)
(YELPS)
(FOOTSTEPS RUNNING)
(MAN COUGHING)
(SPECTATORS SHOUTING
IN FILIPINO)
(ALL GRUNTING)
(FIGHTERS GRUNTING)
(BONES CRACK)
-(SCREAMS)
-(GRUNTING)
(SQUELCHING)
(SCREAMS)
(MEN GRUNTING)
(GROANING)
(WHIMPERS)
(GROANS)
(GRUNTING)
(MIC FEEDBACK WHINING)
(IN ENGLISH) Fuck!
Enjoy the party. asshole!
(PANTING)
Fucking asshole!
(SCREAMS)
(COUGHS WEAKLY)
(NECK SNAPS)
-(TYPING)
-(BEEPING)
(GRUNTING)
(IN ENGLISH) Who are you?
Huh?
All right.
(GRUNTING)
(CRACKS NECK)
(BLOWS)
(GRUNTING)
(GROWLS)
NAVIN: Wait!
I'm not one of them.
Okay?
You're looking for someone.
So am I.
(SIREN WAILING IN DISTANCE)
We've gotta get out of here.
Come on!
-I can't give you this. okay?
-(BANGING ON DOOR)
-(MAN SPEAKS FILIPINO)
-(BANGING CONTINUES)
(IN ENGLISH) But I can show
you what's on it. all right?
(MUFFLED SHOUTING)
(LOW SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
-(DISTANT PUNCHES LANDING)
-(MAN GROANING)
-(YELLS)
-(GROANS)
(PUNCHES LANDING)
(GROANING)
You vouched for a rat.
(WEAKLY) Boss. please.
(GROANING)
SONG: Come here. boy.
Watch your father die.
You know the drill.
Freeze this bastard.
No! I'm sorry! Boss!
Boss. I'm sorry!
(IN FILIPINO)
(SCREAMING)
(DOOR OPENS)
(FOOTSTEPS)
(BOY GROANING)
(MAN SPEAKS)
(DOOR CLOSES)
(IN MANDARIN)
(GRUNTING)
(YELLING)
(IN FILIPINO)
(DOOR OPENS)
(MAN SHOUTS)
(GROANS)
(IN ENGLISH) Father said
the bad ones get punished.
MAN: Hey! Hey! Enough. big guy.
Your father wants them
shipped out alive.
You know you ruined two months
of my hard work. right?
At least say something.
Enough with the quiet.
tough guy act.
What are you?
(CHUCKLES) A mute?
Huh? You know him?
Song picked him up young.
Threw him into the ring
between rounds as a joke.
He's a poster boy
for head trauma.
(SIGHS)
This guy. Mr. Song.
You know him. too?
(SIGHS)
Come with me.
(GRUNTS) Sorry about the mess.
I've kinda been
living back here.
(TAPS)
Mr. Song is the biggest
human trafficker in the city.
My wife is a journalist.
This is everything
she's gathered about
Song's operation so far.
She went missing
while investigating this case.
Her name is Matia.
(SETS DOWN PHOTO)
May I?
(EXHALES)
(IN MANDARIN)
(SIGHS)
I haven't had time to go through
everything she left behind.
She knew Song was
organizing the kidnappings.
He moves the kids around while
he checks out potential buyers.
(LOW SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
What?
-What is it?
-(TAPS PHOTOS)
NAVIN: (EXHALES) Same truck.
(TYPING)
The refrigeration truck
makes deliveries everywhere.
The insulation would make them
completely soundproof.
The factory's an hour
outside the city. Come on.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(IN FILIPINO)
(SCOFFS. IN ENGLISH)
All this in plain sight.
Hey. hey! What are you doing?
There could be
a hundred guys in there.
You won't save your daughter
by being impulsive.
We wait.
What do you suggest?
(TYPING)
(IN MANDARIN)
(IN ENGLISH) Hey! Hey!
(INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
MAN: Hey!
(IN FILIPINO)
(MEN CLAMORING)
(CRASHING)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(CRACKS NECK. GRUNTS)
(IN ENGLISH)
Father says. "No trespassing."
(MAN GROANING)
(MAN YELLS)
(MEN GRUNTING)
SONG: Bitch!
Die!
What the fu--
(GUNSHOTS)
You are in my fucking house!
(YELLS) Shit!
(GRUNTING)
Eat shit and die! (LAUGHS)
(GUNSHOTS)
On my fucking day off.
(WHISTLES)
(YELLS)
-(MEN GRUNTING)
-You again?
(GUN CLICKING)
Ah. shit!
Hey!
(IN MANDARIN)
(IN ENGLISH) Ah. I see you!
(GUNSHOTS)
(SONG SCREAMS)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(HO YELLING)
(GRUNTING)
(PANTING)
(RATTLING)
(EERIE VOCALIZATION PLAYS)
(YELLING)
(GRUNTING)
(THUDS)
(GRUNTS)
(BOTH STRAINING)
(LOW FOREBODING MUSIC PLAYING)
(GASPING)
(SOBBING)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(GROANING)
(CLANGS)
(SLEDGEHAMMER SCRAPING)
-(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
-(GRUNTING)
(CRUNCHING)
-(THUDS)
-(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(SQUELCHING)
(PUNCHES LANDING)
(GRUNTING)
NAVIN: Enough!
-(GUNSHOT)
-Are you crazy?
Song's the only lead
we have left!
Killing him won't get you
any closer to your daughter!
She might still be alive.
-And we're getting closer.
-(GROANS)
(SCREAMS)
WOMAN: Listen close.
You can hear
your little girl's heartbeat.
-(HEART BEATING)
-Have you chosen a name?
Um... Mirai. It means "future."
(MACHINE SWITCHES OFF)
-Baby Mirai...
-(MACHINE BEEPS)
-(CELL PHONE RINGING)
-PAKLUNG: Oh. excuse me.
What?
CAPTAIN: A fight
broke out at your
father-in-law's factory
and Song's not answering
the phone.
Sounds like that Chinese mute.
looking for his daughter.
I'm still trying
to identify the other guy.
The old man will want to know
how security failed.
He'll want to hear it from you.
Face to face.
PAKLUNG: You all trusted me.
I want you to know I take
that responsibility seriously.
The factory was empty.
I'd already moved the cargo
somewhere else
after the break-in at the club.
I mean. sure. a few men died.
but we didn't lose anything
of value.
Your investment remains secure.
If there is
any additional expense.
I'll cut it
from my own earnings.
All I want
is to do right by the family.
This fool is reckless.
-(ELECTRICITY BUZZING FAINTLY)
-(WATER DRIPPING)
(METAL FENCE RATTLING)
-(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
-(SONG GROANING)
-(CRACKLING STOPS)
-(GASPING)
You...
fucking motherfu-- (SCREAMS)
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
(SCREAMING)
NAVIN: Hey!
(CRACKLING STOPS)
We need him awake. I got this.
Mr. Song...
I've been investigating you
for months.
I know everything about you.
Listen. my friend back there
wants his little girl back.
So if you don't talk...
(EXHALES)
...the whole world is
gonna know who you are.
and how you make your money.
(INHALES)
Even if we let you live...
you won't last long.
What are you?
A reporter? Huh? (CHUCKLES)
You know what happened
to the last bitch
that said she was a reporter?
(SCOFFS)
Your kind... You get in...
deep over your head. man.
What the fuck did you say?
Is it her?
Tell me what you know right now.
I don't know shit.
Tell me what you know about her.
I don't know.
I don't know. I don't know.
(WHIMPERS)
I don't know!
-(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
-(SCREAMING)
(CRACKLING STOPS)
SONG: I've just heard
about her from
the guys at the Snake Pit.
No one's getting out alive.
What the fuck is the Snake Pit?
(DISTANT SIREN BLARING)
(IN MANDARIN)
(RAINY STRAINING)
(RAINY SPEAKS)
(SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING)
(SOBBING)
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
(IN ENGLISH) Get the boat ready!
I'll be there in half-hour!
-(ARROW WHOOSHES)
-(GROANING)
Where are you going. Mr. Song?
I heard something about boats.
You're going to the pier?
What did you tell
the Chinese mute?
(CHUCKLES)
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
The freezer truck's over there.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYS)
(DOOR OPENS)
Find another way in.
(LIGHTER CLICKING)
(CLATTERS)
(IN MANDARIN)
(DOOR OPENS)
(IN ENGLISH) I'm checking
the kids now.
Yeah.
(SIGHS)
They're asking for you.
sweetheart.
Come on. Get down here.
-(MAN SCREAMS)
-(RAINY GRUNTS)
Go! Go!
(BOY SPEAKING MANDARIN)
RAINY: (IN ENGLISH) Go!
(DISTANT DOG BARKING)
-(CELL PHONE BEEPS)
-Hello. everyone.
My name is Navin.
I've been posting
under Matia's account
for the last few months.
-(MAN GRUNTING)
-(CHILDREN CLAMORING)
(CHILDREN SCREAMING)
(PANTING)
(CHILDREN SCREAMING IN DISTANCE)
(INDISTINCT SHOUTING)
NAVIN: My name is Navin.
I've been posting
under Matia's account
for the last few months.
I'm streaming from
a location out on the west
side called the Snake Pit.
Matia discovered
kidnapped children are
being held against their will.
And I think
she's in there. too.
If there's anyone out there
seeing this stream.
please share it.
We need people on the street
to have any chance
of exposing the men
that did this.
Sergeant! Sergeant!
Look at this!
(MAN GRUNTING ON VIDEO)
Oh. my God!
(PANTING)
(GRUNTING)
(GROANS)
(THUG GROANS)
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYS)
(GRUNTING)
(GASPS)
(SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING)
(IN MANDARIN)
(SNIFFLES)
(SOBBING)
(IN ENGLISH)
We've gotta get out of here!
They're coming!
Come on!
(IN MANDARIN)
(IN ENGLISH) I'll stay.
Your job is done here.
Mine is not.
(MAN GRUNTING)
NAVIN: Now get her out of here.
(GRUNTING)
Go!
(PUNCHES LANDING)
(IN FILIPINO)
-(PEOPLE CHATTERING)
-(SIRENS APPROACHING)
(IN ENGLISH) Where are they?
Over here!
This way!
OFFICER: This way!
Yadong!
What the hell are you doing?
Stand down.
There's video of children
being held here.
I saw it myself.
God damn it!
Get that stupid idea
out of your head.
-and clear this street!
-OFFICER: Hey. stop!
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
Stop right there!
Stand aside.
Captain. you can't be serious?
-(CHILDREN SCREAMING)
-(MEN SHOUTING)
(SOMBER MUSIC PLAYS)
-(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
-(ENGINE REVVING)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(IN FILIPINO)
(THUGS GRUNTING)
(IN ENGLISH) Stay together.
We're leaving.
THUG: Come on!
(CHILDREN SCREAM)
This way. Over here. Over there!
(BANGING)
(ENGINE REVVING)
(RAINY GRUNTING)
(BONES CRACK)
(ENGINE REVVING)
(GRUNTING)
(IN MANDARIN)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(BREATHES DEEPLY)
(CHAIN CLINKING)
(YELLS)
(THUGS GRUNTING)
(BONES SNAP)
(PANTING)
(IN MANDARIN)
-(PEOPLE CLAMORING)
-(CAMERAS CLICKING)
RAINY: (IN ENGLISH)
Let's go! Go! Hurry! Run!
Go! Go!
-Watch your step.
-RAINY: Go!
NAVIN: Stay together!
RAINY: Hurry!
(IN MANDARIN)
NAVIN: (IN ENGLISH) Let's go.
(THUGS GRUNTING)
(ALL PANTING)
(THUGS SHOUTING)
(GRUNTING)
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYS)
(GIRL IN FILIPINO)
(IN ENGLISH) Come on!
Let's use this!
-Come on!
-(CHILDREN CLAMORING)
(CHILDREN IN FILIPINO)
(GRUNTING)
(IN MANDARIN)
(ALL CLAMORING)
(IN ENGLISH) Slowly.
(WOMAN IN FILIPINO)
(IN ENGLISH) Next one.
(STRAINING)
(IN MANDARIN)
(GRUNTING)
(STRAINING)
(CROWD SHOUTING IN FILIPINO)
(IN ENGLISH) Squad one
and two. come with me.
I told you.
I'm not authorizing this.
You can't deny what's happening!
Take her away!
Sacha! I'm ordering you!
I heard you!
Sergeant.
CAPTAIN: Yadong!
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(PEOPLE CLAMORING)
Cover the exit!
Follow me! This way. this way!
Come on!
(STRAINING. GASPS)
(PEOPLE CLAMORING)
-(GROANS)
-(YELPS)
(IN MANDARIN)
(PEOPLE CLAMORING)
(FLESH SQUELCHING)
(THUGS SHOUTING)
(FOREBODING MUSIC PLAYING)
-(RIPS)
-(GRUNTS)
(PEOPLE SCREAM)
(PEOPLE CLAMORING)
(BOY SPEAKING)
(GASPS)
-(THUDDING)
-(THUGS SHOUTING)
(THUG SCREAMS)
(PEOPLE CLAMORING)
(GUNSHOT)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(IN ENGLISH) Freeze!
Drop your weapons! Drop it now!
(BOTH PANTING)
(MAN 1 IN FILIPINO)
(PEOPLE CLAMORING)
MAN 2: (IN ENGLISH)
That's what you get. asshole!
MAN 3: Get him
the hell off our streets!
Officer.
Did you guys find this woman
inside the building?
She's the journalist
whose work led us here.
Mm-mm.
-(DISTANT SIRENS WHOOPING)
-(POLICE RADIO CHATTER)
Unrest broke out earlier
when police responded
to the live-stream rescue
of dozens
of trafficked children
from a westside district
building
owned by local tycoon
Kun Tai Luo.
The company's issued
a statement to the press
promising a thorough
investigation
-on how the leased building--
- (CELL PHONE RINGING)
Yes?
I'll be right there.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
My daddy's looking for you.
All of his partners are here.
What's going on?
Everything is fine.
I'll see you in our room.
(DOOR CLOSES)
You wanted to see me. sir?
MAN: The Captain is here
to take you into custody.
We all need to save face.
As one father to another...
you disgust me.
If it were guns or drugs.
I would understand.
But children?
So. when I make you money.
I'm family. but when
shit hits the fan...
I disgust you?
Boss. I told you
this kid was trouble!
Now we're left
to clean up your mess!
-(CRUNCHES)
-(SCREAMING)
-(CONTINUES SCREAMING)
-(GASPS)
Hey! Are you crazy? (SCREAMS)
Let me go! I'm a cop. damn it!
(SCREAMING)
(SQUELCHING)
I brought you into my home!
I gave you my daughter!
(YELLS)
(GRUNTING)
(STABS)
(SQUELCHING)
(GROANING)
(MEN GASP)
(GRUNTING AND GROANING)
-(SLASHES)
-(WOMAN WHIMPERS)
(GASPING)
Why?
Why? (GROANS)
(BREATHING SHAKILY)
(LOW OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
(SEETHING)
(YELLS LOUDLY)
(DISTANT SIREN BLARING)
(SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Sergeant. Coffee.
Thank you.
Mr. Wang. here's your statement.
If there aren't any issues.
sign at the bottom.
I can testify that you acted
in self-defense.
But I can't
officially release you
until you've been granted bail.
which may not be
until tomorrow morning.
I hope you understand.
We'll look after your daughter.
You don't have parents?
Who are you. really?
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
(FOREBODING MUSIC PLAYING)
(GASPS)
(GRUNTS)
Father...
(SOBBING)
(WIND WHISTLES)
-(FOOTSTEPS APPROACH)
-(GATE OPENS)
(GATE UNLOCKS)
-(KEYS JINGLING)
-(EXHALES)
NAVIN: Hey...
We saved a lot of kids today.
All because
you chose to come back.
Thank you.
(SIGHS) My wife called
the night she disappeared.
We had an argument
and she walked out.
I wanted to leave this country
for good.
Find somewhere safe.
Raise our own family.
Basically. to save ourselves.
(CHUCKLES) She was obsessed with
finding all these missing kids.
I had no idea how close she was
until after she was gone.
So. when I find her someday...
I hope she can forgive me.
(THUNDER CRASHING)
(KEYBOARD CLACKING)
Nice work today.
Do I get a promotion?
(CHUCKLES)
(IN MANDARIN)
MAN: (IN ENGLISH) Boss.
Five minutes.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
(FOREBODING MUSIC PLAYING)
(OFFICERS GROANING)
(MUFFLED CLATTERING)
(GATE OPENS)
NAVIN: Hey.
-(RATTLING)
-Hey!
(SIGHS) God. I'll be glad
when this renovation's done.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
Let me go check the breaker box.
(SIGHS)
(GASPS)
(COCKS GUN)
-(SCREAMS)
-(THUNDER CRASHES)
(YELPS)
-(SLASHING)
-(GROANING)
(COUGHS)
(GROANING)
(WHEEZING)
(COUGHS. GROANS)
-(ARROW WHISTLES)
-(GROANS)
(GROANING)
(GUNSHOTS)
(QUIETLY) Don't make a sound.
My father...
I'll check on him.
For now. just stay quiet
and don't go anywhere. okay?
(TWO GUNSHOTS UPSTAIRS)
NAVIN: The key!
Try to reach it.
(STRAINING)
(GUNSHOT UPSTAIRS)
Hold on. Hold on.
(STRAINING)
Keep pushing.
(WINDSHIELD WIPERS THUDDING)
(GROANING)
(ARROW TAPS ON BOW.
BOW STRING CREAKS)
Stop!
(GROANS)
I said. "Stop!"
Put down your weapon!
(GROANS)
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
(BREATHING SHAKILY)
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
(NAVIN GROANING)
(SNAPS FINGERS TWICE)
(IN MANDARIN)
(IN ENGLISH) Ah.
you must be the Chinese mute.
Finally.
You know. I was
going to be a father?
But you guys
took that away from me.
-(OFFICER GRUNTS)
-(RAINY GASPS)
(FLESH SQUELCHING)
(GRUNTING)
(IN MANDARIN)
(RAINY SCREAMS)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
(RAINY BREATHING HEAVILY)
(STRAINING)
(RAINY GROANING)
(BROKEN ARROW CLATTERS)
(GRUNTING)
(STRAINING)
(THUNDER CRASHES)
(YELLING)
(EERIE VOCALIZATION PLAYS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(GRUNTS)
(IN ENGLISH)
You killed Father! You!
-(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
-(GRUNTING)
(THUNDER CRASHES)
(HO YELLING)
(DRAMATIC STING PLAYS)
PAKLUNG: Your "father"?
Seriously?
Did you really think that
fucking cowboy was your father?
(PAKLUNG CHUCKLES)
You weren't his son.
Get that through
your thick skull!
No! Father said--
(GRUNTING)
(YELLS)
You're evil!
-(THUNDER CRASHES)
-(GROANING)
(YELLS)
(GRUNTING)
(STRAINING)
(GROANING)
(YELLS)
(GROANS)
-(STABS)
-(GROANS)
(GRUNTING)
(TINKLING)
-(METAL CLATTERS)
-(THUNDER CRASHES)
(WHEEZES)
Oh. that reporter...
Did you give her this ring?
Such beautiful eyes...
She died very slowly.
(NAVIN GROANS)
You want this?
Take it back.
Come on. Come on.
-(YELLS)
-(THUNDER CRASHES)
(GRUNTING)
-(CLANGS)
-(GROANING)
(SLASHING)
-(GRUNTS)
(SQUELCHING)
(GROANING)
-(THUNDER RUMBLING)
-(COUGHS WEAKLY)
(YELLS)
(ROARS)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(THUNDER CRASHES)
(SCREAMING)
(COUGHS)
(WEAKLY) My friend...
I found her.
I found...
(CLINKS)
(SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING)
(THUNDER CRASHES)
(FOREBODING MUSIC PLAYING)
(THUNDER CRASHING)
(SCREAMING)
Now you'll know how it feels
to see your daughter die.
All this pain and suffering--
(YELLS)
(IN MANDARIN)
(IN ENGLISH) This is your fate.
Accept it.
(GRUNTING)
(YELLS)
-(BONE CRUNCHES)
-(SCREAMS)
(YELLING)
(THUNDER CRASHES)
(GRUNTING)
(SQUELCHING)
(IN MANDARIN)
(PUNCHES LANDING)
(SCREAMING)
(GROANS)
(GRUNTING)
(YELLS)
(GROANING)
(BOY SPEAKS)
(PAKLUNG PANTING)
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
(RETCHES)
Mirai...
(IN ENGLISH)
I've got to go home.
I've got to get back
to my wife and daughter.
(GROANS)
Hey... See you.
(CHUCKLES)
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
Mirai...
(IN MANDARIN)
(SOBBING)
(SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING)
(WAVES SPLASHING)
(TINKLING)
(SOFT MUSIC PLAYING)
NAVIN: We brought down
the entire trafficking ring.
I still don't even
know your name.
(CHUCKLING)
My mysterious friend.
(CHUCKLES)
Hmm. (CHUCKLES)
(CAPTIVATING MUSIC PLAYING)
NAVIN: If you're brave enough
to change yourself...
you can change the world.
Wang Wei.
(GENTLE MUSIC PLAYING)
(RAINY IN MANDARIN)
( MUDHOLE BY FLYING LOTUS)
♪ If I feel a little alone ♪
♪ Bitch ♪
♪ Don't spit it out ♪
- ♪ Bitch ♪
- ♪ Little snake ♪
♪ Don't spit it out ♪
- ♪ Bitch ♪
- ♪ Little snake ♪
♪ Nigga blessed with the game ♪
♪ Don't know his name ♪
♪ Roll through the club
With his gold chain ♪
♪ Maintain things
On the block ♪
♪ Rep the whole game ♪
♪ Everything swing low
Wise like an old man ♪
♪ Old man old man
I'm in the cabana ♪
♪ Rockin' Dolce Gabbana
Smoke marijuana ♪
♪ Blaze with the blunts
And the bottle ♪
♪ I bring the heat
If you want it ♪
♪ Get it. Bitch ♪
♪ Don't just spit it out ♪
♪ Shakin' the spot
With the cash in my hand ♪
♪ I needed to front
Like a need an advance ♪
♪ Did it to do it
But never mistaken ♪
♪ I did it for bands. uh-uh ♪
- ♪ Better check on your man ♪
- ♪ Go ♪
♪ Go ♪
♪ Big boots like a mudhole ♪
♪ Watch it watch it ♪
- ♪ Big boots like a mudhole ♪
- ♪ Little Little Snake ♪
♪ Watch it watch it. ya ♪
♪ Big boots like a mudhole ♪
♪ Watch. watch. watch
Watch it. watch it ♪
- ♪ Big boots like a mudhole ♪
- ♪ Little Little Snake. ya ♪
♪ Little Little Snake. ya ♪
(INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
(CLUB MUSIC PLAYING)
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm